you look great look I know it's a comedy
night but I want to try something a
little bit different tonight I'm
actually gonna do a love song with your
permission love sounds sweet so into
this radio is going to love song then
you're gonna pop up that's the plan you
know I thought I could do the love song
with you because it's there's cameras
and stuff I'm ready for jump in my love
songs are full of poetry and metaphors
you can't just wing it
I put it out and metaphor your skinny
ass any day of the week so again you got
a challenge yes I did you really want to
go then let's do it okay okay scream I'm
sorry change of plans
Sammy Jay and Randy are going to have a
metaphore competition a metaphor Alvin
okay let's do it ugly groan hey leaving
naughty
mimimi
I'm in love with a girl and she's
beautiful she's a dew drop on a rose
betwixt the newborn baby's toes
I'm in love yeah that's pretty good
actually all right oh yeah I'm in love
with a girl and she's beautiful she's
the sunlight through the window all the
florists on a rainbow in the clouds
she's in my heart she's on my brain and
Bertie riggis Lane Glen Eira see what
did you say 30 rickets light Glen are
see that
so my girlfriend that's where my
girlfriend shit
Randy you know this mates touchy waiting
house mice well I see her on the weekend
she sees me through the week she works
Monday to Friday on the weekends we
don't speak all that explains I have
conflicting schedules cause for a second
I call don't go there system she's got a
small tattoo all the snow leopard flying
through the jungle
on the light side and she's also got a
tattoo of a snow leopard flying through
the jungle on the other side
at the fan table and it's right
of her life she knows and the other
letter sorcerer this is not cool man
what's your girlfriend's name what's
your girlfriend's name Karen do Popovich
born in Russia saint-petersburg
yep of course we've got our problems she
told me that she's having an affair but
she's leaving him this weekend for me
cause she gave him Hep C that she got
from a dodgy needle when she got her
13th snow leopard tats emyjane Randy